Why don't you dare to move?
I see you only dare to bark under the stage
It's no use looking at him
No one can move tonight, I'm useless
Humph
One more minute.
Gong Luoming will bring Xing Tian to the scene
Then you must remember what you said
What? My dad's coming?
I urge you to kneel down and apologize to me now
Otherwise, wait until they come
It won't end well for you
Look, my dad is the head of the criminal syndicate
Besides, who is Mr. Gong?
When he arrives, it's you who should kneel
It just so happens that you are all here tonight
Don't miss this great show
Let's play with him for a minute, right?
We are waiting for Gong Luoming
Xingtian, are you a turtle?
I'll give you a minute.
If it's not there yet
Then never come
Hahahaha
How dare you talk to Mr. Gong like that?
I think you found an actor
Yeah.
Anyway, Mr. Meng will be here soon.
I'll see how he pretends to be
Exactly.
By then his rumors will be self-defeating
Hahahaha, are you crazy?